imagine you are shipped to an island with nine
other people each of you wears a foot strap
containing a bomb you have 30 hours to be the
only survivor if you can't do that it's over in
this movie an eccentric millionaire named ian
had this stupid idea to purchase prisoners and
let them participate in his game the death game
happens on the island of new guinea the event
will be live streamed online and will cost
around 50 usd his goal is to beat the super
bowl quota of 40 million viewers the rules are
very simple the strap bomb explodes either when
you pull out the red lace or when you try to
remove it after the red lace has been pulled
10 seconds remain until boom now if you're quick
in picking stuff up then you have realized that
that means you must get into close combat if you
want to survive because in order to win you must
activate the bomb of your enemies because you have
to be the last man standing or woman in this case
if not then the bombs will go up regardless but
what if you're physically inferior than your
opponents well i will show you my strategy on how
to survive and beat each and every combatant on
this island but before we get to that let me
introduce you to the beginning of this movie
ian's team sets up hidden cameras on the remote
island while they are finishing off their last
preparations the prisoners who were chosen
are brought to a station on the island next by
we got two women and eight men pretty much
everyone is pretty jacked up physically i wouldn't
stand a chance and if i'm being honest here this
moment is very important because it lets you have
a look on who you're going to face i would shut
up for once take a step back and observe each and
every character in this room most of these people
would rip me apart in a one-on-one no question
and that is good to know because now i know
what i gotta do be sneaky silent and run
away if necessary those jacked up dudes aren't
very fast that much we can tell unless we're
talking about this japanese dude right here
but anyway for now let's begin with the game
first we are being flown over to the island that
shouldn't be neglected by the way you won't be
getting a better view of the battlefield than
this if you have missed that then i don't know
but it doesn't look good for you as we can see we
get coastlines a deep jungle and as we get to see
later mountains and cliffs each participant
is thrown out with the keys for their cuffs
everyone will be located on the same strip of
coastline at first now what do you do once you
have landed and the 30 hours have begun i want
you to think about your strategy for a moment and
post your way down below and if you're at it and
want to support my work consider leaving a like
i would appreciate that now first of all i would
find out what time it is this is only possible as
long as the sun shines for that i would stretch
out my hand like this then count how many times
four fingers have space in between the sun and the
horizon and then calculate the time until sunset
four fingers equal roughly one hour if we don't
do this we have no idea when this game will run
out of time and that is a deal breaker you see i
wouldn't fight anyone i would let my enemies weed
themselves out before engaging in combat myself
therefore i would hide myself before anything else
the rules of thumbs are don't injure yourself
and avoid contact at all cost if we can achieve
that plus figure out the hour of the day then we
will be able to strategically delay the time of
our death and therefore multiply our chances
to survive this death game tenfold now every
combatant is a murderer here and because of that
finding allies wouldn't even cross my mind it's
not possible to trust anyone here so why bother
the risk is way too high after i had figured out
that time i would arm myself with whatever i
can find a sharp rock piece of wood or even my
released cuffs or better as opposed to bare hands
then if i can i would find sturdy leaves like that
of banana trees or palm trees weave them together
and wrap it around the strap bomb on my ankle
safety first you don't want something to
rip it off while making your way through
the jungle now do you this would be a fun death
to see but not very inviting way to die yourself
after having taken all these measurements i would
continue with finding an elevated hideout either
on a tree or cliff but preferably an unobstructed
place that has a great view 360 degrees around
that without exposing myself and then wait this
[ __ ] out now there is more to add here but what
happens in the movie you might ask well in the
movie two of our enemies already die in the first
10 minutes one died by landing uncomfortably
and the other was killed by the woman he tried
to kill means seven enemies are left although
of course we wouldn't know since we two are in
the game this is just for you to understand the
plot as well the main character is steve austin
by the way the big bald dude that looks like he
was abandoned in a gym at six years old as of now
all eight characters are on their journey to avoid
getting killed however two characters are special
these two right here they are a couple they
specifically look out for each other and
would gain an advantage if they found themselves
before being killed that's what i'm talking about
at this point it is important to note that there
are care packages flying in as well every now and
then they bring in resources like food and weapons
however they come with a smoke signal every time
so getting near them means entering a danger
zone this guy here is taking way too much time
grab the bag and then run off is what he should
do we do get a quick showdown here but nobody
is killed shortly after the japanese guy faces
off the english prisoner and they seem to team
up for my taste way too risky but to each his
own it is definitely an advantage to hunt down
other players in a team in terms of the care
package by the way here's what i would have done
nothing you see being the physically unimpressive
guy that i am i would not voluntarily fight
over a sandwich with these dudes if i was
starving to death i would either find other
resources or hide around a care package
at first and then prey on whoever gets it
hold on right there big man meanwhile steve is
also entering a fight the guy he's facing off is
even bigger than him i don't know what these
dudes eat but it can't be anything healthy
he first tried to talk it out fair play but it
didn't work however it gives me the impression
that our main character is actually a pretty nice
guy anyway they fight until one red lace is being
pulled and at this point only seven are left i
think you would agree that fighting any of these
guys so far seems very pointless at this point we
cut to sarah a blonde woman coming home from work
as she's preparing dinner she receives a call
from the fbi considering the circumstances it
was probably chris voss they point out
that jack or steve austin her boyfriend
seems to be in trouble she makes her
way back to check his former workplace
locks into the live streaming website of the game
and tries to figure out what is actually happening
at the same time we cut back to the
game where the latino lovers reunite
that's all beautiful and stuff but have you seen
this guy that is exactly the reason why i've been
opting for hiding okay however that doesn't stop
the english and japanese guys from attacking them
but the latino's leg is broken and the woman sadly
has to bite the dust for good six people left
you see predictably these convicts don't shy
away from killing each other and that's good
it's even desirable in a way because in
the meantime we're having a great time
wherever we are on this island until our time
has come if we're already at it once we have
found our hideout we would do well to stay hidden
until the next day arrives it would be stupid
to engage in any sort of contact during night
time but if i had still hours left until sunset
i would start preparing weapons and traps i would
sharpen bamboo sticks with rocks weave ropes from
big leaves and put them aside for the time being
ropes and melee weapons are handy in here in fact
if we find the right resources here we could even
prepare mid and long range weapons like spears
when the nighttime finally arrives three important
things happen first of all steve austin finds a
latino guy with a broken leg they team up for the
time being he also finds out that attached to the
ankle strap there is also a gps device on it with
a foil he can take off of an abandoned military
equipment he is able to block the gps signal
causing the surveillance team to lose his location
that's a very smart move he additionally points
out that he has seen a radio tower on the hillside
meaning if he can make it over he is able
to call for help at this point it becomes
clear that ian and his team are stationed on the
very island where this death game is being held
that's not very smart isn't it why would you be in
the same island where your captives are playing a
death game that seems a little bit dangerous to me
however for us this is a good thing because now we
can figure out our game master's location and then
go and kill them instead and that is what steve is
doing as well he's hunting down ian and his team
but before we get to that the second important
thing that happens is this we find out that steve
here used to be a black ops member of the pentagon
yep after his mission went down south a year
ago he was falsely imprisoned in guatemala and
abandoned from his superiors but as of now the fbi
and secret service are on this case then about to
intervene it goes without saying that this death
game isn't legal by any means and it sure as hell
doesn't try to stay low-key either kind of dumb
the third important thing that happens is this
now since our main character is black ops guy
he has no issues with finding the amateurs that
are controlling this game however he commits
a potentially fatal mistake when he takes out
this guard he doesn't bother hiding the body
which is a no-go i give him a d-minus for that
should have put more hours into assassin's
creed my dude there was so much high grass
in the background he could have easily pulled
that corpse in there within a quick second
however he makes it into the control room knocks
out the next guy and calls his girlfriend at home
now at this point i have to give him props instead
of rushing her through and stressing her out
he gives her exactly what she wants love if he
didn't we all know where this would have ended in
an argument so an a-plus for that one he is able
to pass over the coordinates of the island to her
which he's unable to communicate to the fbi the
tables are turning meanwhile in new guinea the
sun is rising that means we gotta move as well
by now the latino guy has been taken out as
well by the way and the black dude was killed
by the black woman so we got four people left
if we have survived this far good we
arrived around 4 pm on the island yesterday
meaning we still have a generous amount
of time left to be the last one standing
since we have been resting and preparing since
yesterday we have an edge over every other player
that has been fighting ever since i would
start moving 3 hours before the time runs out
that leaves enough time to end unfinished
business but it isn't so much that there aren't
any combatants left it's a sweet balance i would
pick up my bamboo spear tuck away my bamboo short
knives wrap the rope around my shoulder and then
move swift and low haven't played a good amount
of tomb raider and uncharted i know how this stuff
works okay i am not an amateur i would hunt down
those people and take them out before they even
know what is happening however what happens in
the movie is steve austin faces off the cocky
english japanese team both of them carry melee
weapons as well as a bow our main character is
a bright guy though and what he does is this
he tapes on metal bars to evade the machetes
of his opponent which is a kind of sick move
i keep this one in mind don't ask me where he got
the duct tape from though because i have no idea
but he enters a sick and flashy fight with the two
enemies eventually he gets almost taken out but
the last remaining woman counters her attack and
escapes the explosion with a bit of luck involved
two dudes left he's facing off both at the same
time at this point i would do a 180 and run the
japanese guy would probably catch up quicker
than the english guy and that is when i would
turn around and slap that dude right to the
floor our main character does it similarly
i actually don't want to talk around the bush
here so the thing is in the end steve is facing
off the english guy in the last showdown it would
be a pretty even fight but ian the producer riggs
the game by flying in a care package containing
a shotgun talking about fair play dude what the
hell that's like watching shaquille o'neal in
a mosh pit it's fun but it's pointless we know
the outcome anyway he seemingly kills off steve
gets to the streaming station has his footstrap
released and then goes on a tarantino redemption
journey throughout the office i actually like this
part the most at the same time it is said that
the navy is flying in to take ian and his team
this guy legit gave an interview about the death
game prior to live stream not sure that he thought
this stuff through but it doesn't look like it
in the end our main character gets the british
guy catches up to the fleeing ian shoots down
the helicopter he is in misses gets handed
over the footstrap bomb from ian's girlfriend
what a great irony and then throws that stuff
right before ian's feet now to wrap this stuff up
is it possible to beat this game yes if it wasn't
rigged i think trying to make it to the end of
this game is the safest bet whatsoever but what
do you think let me know down in the comments
and if you have enjoyed this video leave a like
to boost the algorithm i would appreciate that
and then binge another one how about that peace